Some people may be testing the Flex ™ shutter in a bucket!
Ooh
Do not try this
Tell her, Phil.
Say it.
This is a lot of damage
Ooooh
What's more?
Okay.
* Phil Swift has become crazy. *
* Drilling noise *
Oh my God, do not try this !!!!! 111! 1111
Wow, Phil looks like -
Too much damage, thank you, everyone.
This is true I - Jesus Christ ..
Well, I'm doing a video on Flex Tape ™, that's right.
I first did it
Thank you for understanding the fact that I have brought out new ideas. What is the -
* * Stuttering
Then, who knows?
Now for Real, check out JonTron's video. Make a video on Flex Tape ™. I got the views of a couple
I do not know. I do not count views anyway ...
Also, John did not upload them in five months!
However, there are more Flex ™ videos to review for everyone
Hooray!
So, let's go through them. Yes, this
What will you do? I want...
Whatever the day comes out
Now, if you are not familiar with the fancy word for Flex ™ Tape ™
Let me do a quick offense. There is this really above the top
Commercials do with the same tape god elephant and give you an example. "I'm Phil Swift here to get a flexible tape
Super waterproof tape
It can immediately break, document, close and handle. "
The incredible right? I want him to slap my ass just like that
Then I want to seal my heart with a flex tape. (I ship PhiLix Phil x Felix)
The flex tape is not a normal bar
It's a thick adhesive triangular practically seams itself on the surface
Instantly stop the most difficult leaks
Now, they always do something very great in the end to explain how, how powerful the elastic band is.
In this one. He saw a physical hat
To show you the strength of the flex tape
(WOAHH THATSALOTTADAMAGE)
I saw this boat in its half and repaired it with a flex tape only
It is impossible to work
Right, not only this strong adhesive tape flex, hold the boat together
But it creates a strong waterproof seal. Oh ya
Well, I bet it does not dry completely from the inside. The interior is completely dry
Well, they now offer a new product called click bar. Let's check it out for everyone
Hi, Phil Swift here for a clear flexible bar. Super waterproof tape
This is the best way to correct bonds
Repair the seal! Flex Tape Clear. Yes. Yes. Well, but will you see a boat in half or what is Phil?
I only care if you see something in half
To show you the strength of the clear flex tape
(THATSALOTTADAMAGE)
I cut a giant hole in another boat (in another boat!) With only a clear elastic strip
pods: Wow! My God.
pods "Keep all the water out of the boat": Yes? Well, I bet you
This boat will not run over water full of sharks
But even the infested shark
Water is a wide waterproof barrier that seals the elements and you can see right through
And you can see right through
When the shark attacks, O Phil, you are a crazy man. You are a totally crazy boy Christ Jesus
(Crusade Crusade 2k18)
How I wish I could ride the sunset would prove the elephant only the strength of the flex tape
We seal the ocean. We seal everyone Pacific. What will he do next?
There is nothing that this guy will not do to show the strength of the flex tape. "To show you amazing
Seal the flex seal power, put the bottom of this boat with the screen door and cover it in the flex seal. why?
To show the strength of the flex tape
Put the door on the boat just to show the strength of the flex tape
But inside the elephant completely dry? On the water
Not only do they remain floating, but the inside is completely dried out
Wonderful, wonderful. at all
Wonderful. "To show you the incredible power of a flexible fire
I will blow huge gaps at the bottom of this boat with this giant cannon. Ready?
(Woah Phil, please calm down) (Hi, I'm Renwa Elisse, im back''all)
Why does this man hate boats so much? Phil, please
Holy * dEMoNiTIzED *
THAT'SALOTTADAMAGE
A black shot (?) Sealed each hole
But the hole in my heart is not an elephant
Not the opening in my heart. "To show you the strength of flexible glue,
None of these parts are flexible and stick together
He built Felix
Monster 4x4! pods: Jesus Christ, Phil!
Will someone stop this man
why are you doing that? Hi Phil Swift here for flex seal colors
Colored way to coat, seal and stop leaks quickly
The flexible sealing colors are the same as the original sealing strength
Now the vibrant colors can transform and protect almost anything literally
Your marriage is broken
Your arm is broken and your arm is depressed
Flexible seal colors will fix any problem you have. The thick colors dry the thick flex to water
Flexible rubber coating. Phil, I just have a dish. You just made a pot without a reason
How will you get your pasta now? This quick shot fills the cracks and holes
Stop the most difficult leaks while maintaining full flexibility
I use a brown sealed flex to close the rear and no one can tell the difference now
Thanks to the sealed stamped brown. thank you. It's actually liquid rubber. wait. This is liquid rubber
This is. That's all you sell me? Seal outdoor decorative elements
Oh my God, Phil, you've just literally killed a point to prove
You've taken a very far away elephant. Forget the thin machine gun. All right, definitely seal the flex seal, whatever it is
I've seen your elephant stunt boat
What can you do please?
Please oh wow because there is nothing going to me wow at this point. To show you the incredible power of flex seal
We took this old truck
What will you do - certainly.
Phil What are you doing by car? It's the coolest thing I have ever seen! My love
Everyone made the submarine a flex seal! Red, blue and green
It is the coolest sub-you've ever seen. Massive, well done
We want to know how flexible you are sealing and how to use a flexible shot
Send your photos and you have the chance to win the prize pack in the end. Wonderful. I can win the final prize
What is that? Do not they say is it an appointment with Phil himself? So they did this contest where you can deliver during the praise
Apparently someone had made their boat. Someone will give his dead body dead my grandmother
I just sprayed it with a flexible seal as if I always remember it. My favorite flex seal is to be
Christmas business because they are trying to sell a flexible seal as a
Christmas gift for someone. Phil Swift is here in this festive season giving the family a flexible product
Everyone loves flex seal
Now I can sprinkle shit off you
The stunning sealing fluid starts with a super thickening and turns into a strong flexible rubber
Wow thanks Dad! You got me some elastic elastic dad! I love you dad! Thank you so much!
Everyone loves flex seal. Oh, I kind of want to dip the human into the flex seal
I just want to know what's going on, you know
Hi, Phil Swift is here to blow the strong spray that melts the ice quickly! To prove the strength of it
Explosion we launched global warming with bangs! (Lol) Just a quick blast melt snow and ice quickly
Even this weak fabric
Keep dry with power outage. I made an elephant cloth. Now what do I suppose to use the handkerchief?
If you can not erase anything
Innovation everyone. Phil does it better. Some people may have experienced flex testing on a bucket
But you did not see anything like me
First of all, no, no. I have not seen anyone stab a bucket to prove the flexible sealing point
I do not think this is what people do
Out of curiosity. Come here look at this, this is wonderful
This is not great, this is a lot of damage
Thank you guys, thank you very much. Let Felix seal everyone shout! * M *
Leave like if you enjoyed this video. Press the bell button to subscribe. I upload videos every day
That's right, I'll be here tomorrow, I will not go anywhere. I'm stuck here forever, please
Good-bye. (EBay)
* Very nice Outro song coming *
(Are you, yes you! Do you mind checking my channel: Renoa Elisse)
(Have you enjoyed this video with an amazing Phil Lol no Phil of Dan & Fil (ilovethem))
$. $ $ Now on each controller! Game Favorite Elephant Swift!
Good-bye! Renua Alice is out! I'll see u guys again, cuz I'll be doing a comment tomorrow. EBay